[Music]
Wow
here are 19 facts that'll make you fall
in love with your body our bodies hide
so many exciting mysteries for example
did you know that you can eat onion
through your feet or that kids grow
faster in the spring if you're ready for
more fun weird and fascinating facts
like that then stay tuned and before you
learn everything about your body's many
oddities hit that subscribe button and
ring the little bell icon to join us on
the bright side here we go number one
humans and slugs have a lot in common
huh at first glance it seems like slugs
couldn't be further from humans however
every single person's DNA is 70%
identical to the DNA of slugs but slugs
aren't the only thing we share DNA with
all of us are also 50% banana and 40%
cucumber I also think I got some tomato
in my family tree on my mom's side of
course number two humans can have an
extra rib believe it or not some of us
one in 200 to be exact
are born with an extra rib is called a
cervical rib and it's located just above
the collarbone thankfully this spare
part rarely ever bothers the person who
has it still about one out of 10 people
develop thoracic outlet syndrome because
of it number 3 ATMs and public restrooms
are equally dirty we're so careful about
hygiene in public restrooms doing
gymnastics just to avoid touching the
flusher and the door handle are you as
curious about germs when it comes to
using the ATM probably not but you
should be
test conducted by British scientists
confirmed that ATMs are just as dirty as
public bathrooms swabs that were taken
from ATM keyboards showed the presence
of health threatening bacteria oh hell
makes sense if you think about it how
many people actually disinfect their
hands before using them exactly
number four your fingernails grow faster
than your toenails
you ever notice how you have to clip
your fingernails a lot more often than
your toenails well the nails on your
fingers grow faster because they get
more sunlight and if you really pay
attention you'll see that the nails on
your dominant hand also grow faster look
even closer and you'll notice that each
nail grows at its own rate the general
rule is the bigger the finger the longer
the nail but the longest nail can
usually be found on the middle finger so
the middle finger gets more sunlight or
what number five Botox deprives a person
of emotion Botox can make you look young
and feel more confident but at what
price in case you didn't know Botox
eliminates wrinkles by literally
paralyzing your facial muscles but
according to a study conducted at
Barnard College in New York your facial
expressions directly affect your
emotional state this means that if you
have Botox you can't really express your
emotions fully both physically and
mentally number six we inherited hiccups
from our ancient ancestors those
annoying hiccups that we all get from
time to time are actually a little hello
from our distant ancestors that lived
370 million years ago these guys used to
swim in the ocean therefore their bodies
were equipped with both gills and lungs
so the perfect way for them to protect
their lungs from
coming in was the hiccup not much
comfort in that for some of you but it
is what it is number seven most heart
attacks happen on Mondays one study that
was published in the European Journal of
Epidemiology found that the risk of
having a heart attack increases by 20%
for men and 5% for women every Monday
and it's very likely that this is due to
the stress caused by having to go back
to work man talk about a case of the
Mondays number 8 you can eat garlic
through your feet craving some garlic
just rub it on your feet if you don't
believe me try it yourself cut a piece
of garlic in half and rub it on the
soles of your feet after about thirty
minutes you'll feel its smell and taste
in your mouth and it's not magic it's
just Alison Alison is an organic
compound that's formed during the
breakdown of garlic it can penetrate
through cell membranes travel through
your bloodstream and easily reach your
taste buds number nine one human can
feed over a million mosquitoes if you've
ever wondered how many mosquitoes it
would take to eat an entire human well
first of all that's kind of weird but I
do have the answer for you the human
body has enough blood for 1.2 to 1.8
million mosquitoes of course everything
depends on the height and weight of the
person but considering the fact that one
mosquito drinks about 0.003 milliliters
of our blood with one bite that's about
how many of these little blood suckers
it would take to drink you whole number
10 people lie more convincingly when
they have to go to the bathroom
now in 2015 researchers from Claremont
Graduate University and California State
University found that people with a full
bladder like way more convincingly than
they normally do a strong desire to go
to the bathroom makes a person
concentrate on self-control and
therefore telling lies becomes easier so
much easier that according to the study
people believed Liars who are just
feeling the need to run to the bathroom
ah the things our body can do number
eleven
when kissing most people bend their head
to the same side when we kiss our
subconscious picks the side our head is
going to bend to for us and studies show
that we're all the same doctor owner
Quinn Turki a professor of psychology at
Germany's Ruhr University bokkeum
observed 224 kissing couples and
airports railway stations and beaches no
he's not a peeping tom but he came to
the conclusion that 70% of people bend
their head to the right when kissing
guter Cain believes that it's all thanks
to our right handedness but his theory
has never actually been proven Hey
pucker up professor number 12 the higher
your IQ is the more interesting your
dreams are scientists claim that people
with a high IQ experience really
captivating and long-lasting dreams as
opposed to others but if you don't
remember your dreams there's no reason
to get upset on average a dream lasts
only a couple of seconds so it's
completely normal to wake up in the
morning having no clue what you dreamed
last night number thirteen people
perceive information printed on paper
better
in 2012 Norwegian scientists decided to
conduct an experiment on college
students they divided them into two
groups and gave them the same text the
first group was given text that was
printed on a sheet of paper while the
other had to read it on a computer in
the end the researchers found that
students learn information printed on
paper way better so consider this next
time you're studying for an exam number
14 your hearing gets worse after having
a good lunch I told you not to stuff
that banana in your ear no it's not that
have you ever had ringing in your ears
after a full meal it happens because
drinks and food affect the fluid levels
in the inner ear and therefore cause
noise even more so an excess of sweet
and salty foods as well as caffeine can
lead to a temporary deterioration of
hearing and even dizziness so just like
your figure your ears certainly don't
appreciate unhealthy eating habits
everybody hear that one number 15 the
appendix is beneficial the appendix has
a bad rap for being a pretty much
useless body part Bill Parker an
assistant professor of experimental
surgery at the Duke University School of
Medicine says that is actually a safe
home for beneficial bacteria the
appendix basically stores helpful
microbes that can reload the bacterial
system in the intestine and populate it
with new useful bacteria when need be so
let's appreciate our appendix a little
more number 16 children grow faster in
the spring
there's no stability when it comes to
growing children there can be periods of
little growth that can quickly change to
sharp spurts still experts noticed an
interesting pattern here
kids tend to grow way faster in the
spring than in any other season because
of the Sun activity during this period
so yeah kids are basically like flowers
number 17 your right lung is bigger than
the left one due to the location of the
heart the volume and size of our lungs
are absolutely different and your right
lung easily wins this round because it's
larger and heavier than the left one so
they're number 18 the resolution of a
human eye is 140 mega pixels if the
human eye was a digital camera its
resolution would be about 120 to 140
mega pixels only these pixels wouldn't
be evenly distributed the center of the
eye has about 200 thousand color
receptors while the sides aren't that
impressive still this human eye digital
camera would definitely make a buzz and
be one of the best on the market and
finally number 19 peoples and shark's
corneas are very similar speaking of the
human eye it has an almost identical
cornea with that of a shark in fact a
shark's cornea could even be
transplanted into a human well maybe
someday this type of technology will be
created after all that'd be quite a
sight don't you think hmm would it be of
any help to card sharks playing poker
nope not Finny at all so which of these
facts surprised you the most tell us in
the comment section below don't forget
to give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]